Improving charm's documentation (#57)
canonical/loki-k8s-operator: README.md

# Loki Charmed Operator for K8s

> [![Test Suite](https://github.com/canonical/loki-k8s-operator/actions/workflows/run_tests.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/loki-k8s-operator/actions/workflows/run_tests.yaml)

Reviewer: Neat!

## Description

> The [Loki](https://grafana.com/oss/loki/) charmed operator provides an open-source fully featured logging stack that may be deployed in Kubernetes using [Juju, the Charmed Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).](https://juju.is/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Loki](https://grafana.com/oss/loki/) is an open-source fully-featured logging stack. The Loki charmed operator deploys Loki in Kubernetes using [Juju, the Charmed Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).](https://juju.is/)
```

## Quick start

> Create a Juju model for your operators, say "observabiliy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Juju model for your operators, say "observability"
```

```bash

> juju add-model observabiliy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
juju add-model observability
```

```

> The Loki Operator may be deployed using the Juju command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the Loki Operator from charmhub using the Juju command line interface:
```

```bash
juju deploy loki-k8s
```

> If required, you can remove the deployment completely:

Reviewer 2: github does not understand code blocks within suggestion blocks. the code block in this suggestion should of course be ended with a triple backtick as well.

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or the whole model:

```bash
```

> juju destroy-model -y observabiliy --no-wait --force --destroy-storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
juju destroy-model -y observability --no-wait --force --destroy-storage
```

```

> Note the `--destroy-storage` will delete any data stored by Loki in its persistent store.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note the `--destroy-storage` will delete any data stored in Loki's persistent store.
```

# Loki Charmed Operator for K8s

[![Test Suite](https://github.com/canonical/loki-k8s-operator/actions/workflows/run_tests.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/loki-k8s-operator/actions/workflows/run_tests.yaml)

## Description

[Loki](https://grafana.com/oss/loki/) is an open-source fully-featured logging system. The Loki charmed operator deploys Loki in Kubernetes using [Juju](https://juju.is) and the [Charmed Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)](https://juju.is/docs/olm).

## Quick start

Create a Juju model named `observability`. This also sets the new model as the current one in the Juju command-line interface.

```bash
juju add-model observability
```

Deploy the Loki Operator from Charmhub to the current model using the Juju command-line interface:

```bash
juju deploy loki-k8s
```

> If required, you can remove the deployment completely or the whole model:

Reviewer 2: This did not turn out great. I'd much prefer if the "or the whole model" is placed between them to make it obvious which one is which.
